yeah I felt like I was I was very
focused on the court from the start and
it's what I was looking for the first
few matches I played good tennis but I
had some ups and downs and today was was
very stable from the first to the last
month point he made a lot of unforced
errors and obviously I just needed to
kind of make him play an extra shot him
you know serve well and have them I've
done everything I wanted of course it's
a it's very important tournament for all
the tennis players because it's a first
Master Series tournament of the year
1000 event you want to do well of course
I'm coming to Miami with you know with a
with a great confidence and I haven't
won australian open this year as it was
the case in the last three years and
came in in in your wells without a title
in this season and that is a different
feel from from previous years so of
course it's important for me to do well
and I'm on the right path and playing
semi finals which is always a of course
a challenge and a good result but I want
to try to go as far as I as I can you
know there are few tournaments around
the world that they call fifth slam but
it's difficult to say really but one
thing is for sure that this tournament
is if not the best and one of the best
tournaments in a world in terms of know
investing in facilities and making
players feel comfortable and really you
know sharing this the passion for the
sport with fans that's what mr. Ellison
is doing and we oppression we appreciate
that very much I I think he's a brave
man and you know he he obviously is very
successful in what he does
his personal business but then you know
he obviously loves this port and I think
that's the first and main reason why he
you know he go he bought this tournament
and why he's investing in facilities
he's always a each year coming up with
something new because he just loves the
sport you know that's the first thing
and I guess the businesses in a second
but you know he's always trying to make
the players feel good and and and he's
he's definitely succeeding in that so I
think we need to pay more attention to
the ATP tournaments because obviously
we're always talking about Grand Slams
is there is the four most important and
prestigious tournaments that we have in
sport but you know Indian Wells is one
of the ATP events that that shows that
you know ITP events deserve to be in the
same league why not well I played John
here a few years ago and I remember that
match 76 into third and lost to him also
very close one in Cincinnati last years
old you know it's definitely not
somebody you like to plan you know on
the big heat with such surf it's you
know it's very challenging because he
doesn't doesn't miss he served too much
and so you have to kind of be able to
hold your composure for tofino to the
from the first to the last point and be
ready to play three tie breaks and
that's that's all but yeah I know that
the key against both of these guys
whoever I play against this is returned
and an efficient serving trying to kind
of stay tough and not not let any
concentration lapses because then they
can use it